remove ansibot from collection docs (#76817)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/community/collection_development_process.rst

      remote_src=True even if mode was not set as a parameter.  This failed on
      filesystems which do not have permission bits (https://github.com/ansible/ansible/issues/29444).

> You can find more example changelog fragments in the `changelog directory <https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-build-data/blob/main/5/CHANGELOG-v5.rst>`_ for the Ansible 5 release.

Reviewer: This paragraph is about changelog **fragments** (small YAML files), not about the combined changelog RST. How about the following instead:
```suggestion
You can find more example changelog fragments in the `changelog directory <https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general/tree/main/changelogs/fragments>`_ for the community.general development branch.
```
Maybe it's better to link to a specific commit though, since this directory will suddenly be empty after the stable-5 branching happened.
